
Angular:
	Angular is framework based on javascript and typescript used to build a SPA(Single Page Application).
	
	Framework: 
		Framework is a collection of libraries at a single point.
		
	Libraries: 
		Libraries are collection of classes or code(funtions) at single point used to achieve some specific task.
		
Features of Angular :
	Angular developed by Google Team.
	Released first version in Oct 2010 i.e Angular 1 or Angular JS which completely based on Javascript.
	Angular relased Angular 2 in 2016 which was based on TS Popularyly know as Angular.
	Latest version of Angular is 14.
	Angular team is going to release normally two versions in a year.
	Angular 2/4/5/6/7/8/9/10/11/12/13/14.
	Angular is used to create a dyanamic Single page web applications.
	Compltely supports OOP's concepts as based on JS and TS.
	Clean and loosely coupled.
	code reusability.
	seperate HTML, CSS, TS code files.
	Cross Platform.
	Open Source
	Used for web as well as Mobile application.
	support PWA.
	Support Routing.
	
Installation Process Of Angular :
	Angular CLI: 
	CLI stands for Command Line Interface.
	CLI is responsible for create angular project, run the angular project, debug angular project, modify or develope angular project.
	We can create basic building blocks of angular.
	
	
	Step 1:
	Download and install node.js
	node -v : to check version of node JS.
	
	Step 2: 
	Install Angular CLI
	Command: npm install -g @angular/cli
	To check the version angular CLI run the command : ng version

	Step 3: 
	Create an Angular Project
	Open command prompt and run the command: ng new demo
	This will ask few questions:
	1. Would like to add angular routing ? N and the enter
	2. Which CSS u want to use ?  directly press enter.
	
	Step 4:
	To run the angular application.
	just go inside demo folder and run the command: npm start or ng serve
	
	Step 5:
	Open the browser and run the url:
	url: http://localhost:4200
	
	
	Angular Version: 
	latest version of Angular 14.0.6
	
	14: Major release/ Breaking chnage
	0: Minor release/ new features added
	6: patch release/ bug fix.