Angular Versions:

Different Versions: 
	1: Angular JS ==> It was completely based on JS.
	
	2,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14
	
	There is no angular version 3 as it was exceeding the version of router. So to avoid the confusion they decided direcly release angular 14.
	
	Different Env :
	Local: Where we can do our development. localhost:4200
	
	dev: Once ur development complete, developer is going to deploy the code at dev env where developer as well as tester can test the application.
		e.g. www.onlinesbi-dev.com
		
	sit: This the staging env used to test the application by tester as well as developer.
		e.g.: www.onlinesbi-sit.com
	
	uat: Here client as well as manager can test the code and raise the bugs if found any.
		e.g.: www.onlinesbi-uat.com
		
	prod: This is the final env which will be accessed by end user.
		e.g. www.onlinesbi.com 
	
	
	Angular 14 Features:
	
	1. Auto compilation: Whenever we create any new basic blocks of angular using CLI then it will give the suggestions 
		but the problem is that it will work on only gitbash and for linux user.
	
	2. Strictly typed forms: Till now whevener we are creating formcontrols so we are not able to give stict type to the field but from 
			angular 14 we can give the strict type.
			
	3. Standalone components: Earlier we need to import components into their respective module but components from that module will also loaded inside the dom
					Which takes unnessary space and time inside the DOM. So angular has provided new feature 
					i.e. standalone components which will be not required to register in module it will be loaed on demand.
					
	4. Enhanced Template Diagnostic :
		As of now we were not able to capture the error in html file for that we need to run the file.
		So from angular 14 it is also giving error warning in html file.
		
	5. Page title accessibility:
		In the routing we were giving path and component, but from angular 14 onwards we can pass page title as well.
		
	
	
	Upgrading Angular:
	
	https://update.angular.io/
	
	
	
	